Add option to truncate column headers to column width (#358)
jazzband/prettytable: README.md

| `bottom_left_junction_char`  | Single character string used to draw bottom-left line junctions. Default: `junction_char`.                                                                                                       |
| `min_table_width`            | Number of characters used for the minimum total table width                                                                                                                                      |
| `max_table_width`            | Number of characters used for the maximum total table width                                                                                                                                      |
| `max_width`                  | Number of characters used for maximum width of a column                                                                                                                                          |
| `min_width`                  | Number of characters used for minimum width of a column                                                                                                                                          |

> | `use_header_width`           | A Boolean option (must be `True` or `False`). Controls whether the width of the header is used for compuzting column width. Default `True`                                                       |

Reviewer: Consistency with other rows:
```suggestion
| `min_table_width`            | Number of characters used for the minimum total table width.                                                                                                                                     |
| `max_table_width`            | Number of characters used for the maximum total table width.                                                                                                                                     |
| `max_width`                  | Number of characters used for maximum width of a column.                                                                                                                                         |
| `min_width`                  | Number of characters used for minimum width of a column.                                                                                                                                         |
| `use_header_width`           | A Boolean option (must be `True` or `False`). Controls whether the width of the header is used for computing column width. Default: `True`.                                                      |
```
